feat(masthead): add grouped search support (#8004)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom: packages/web-components/src/components/masthead/__stories__/README.stories.mdx

<dds-masthead-container data-endpoint="/custom-endpoint"></dds-masthead-container>
```

## Using custom search with typeahead API

> Using a custom search API than the default provided from IBM Search is supported, as well as separating any existing groups into its separate sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a search API other than the default provided from IBM Search is supported, as well as separating any existing groups into its separate sections.
```

> First, pass in the `custom-typeahead-api` boolean into the Masthead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add the `custom-typeahead-api` attribute to the masthead and set to `true`.
```
